you
England in the Galant days when history
hung on the flight of an arrow or the
slash of us or when feudal barons
ravaged the countryside to live in pomp
and splendor when one man alone dared
challenge the might of his country's
oppressors Robin Hood outlaw of Sherwood
Forest and his stalwart bear robbing the
rich to feed the poor ready to fight for
King for country or for maiden fair this
first is why can shelter enclose and
feed a band of good determined men good
swordsmen good archers good fighters are
you with me
it's Errol Flynn Nass Robin Hood
Olivia de Havilland has made Marian
Claude Rains there's a Rathbone and a
cast of thousands reliving history's
most colorful adventure I suppose you
realize the penalty for killing a king's
deer is death are there no exceptions
we're coming to Sherwood I nothing to
offer you a life of hardship and danger
we'd be together but I love you Robin
I'd come even a danger would be nothing
if you were with me
let me read those words dunnage so
China's from this night on I use every
means in my power to fight